[Docenhancement][Sideloadingnote] (#3797)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/includes/get-started/get-started-use-app-studio.md

1. To upload your app to Teams, select the **Install** button under **Test and Distribute**:

    <img  width="450px" alt="Adding a messaging extension dialog" src="~/assets/images/get-started/InstallingHelloWorld.png"/>
    
    > [!NOTE]

>     > If you are unable to sideload the app, verify whether you have [prepared your development environment](#prepare-your-development-environment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If you are unable to sideload the app, verify whether you have [enabled custom app uploading](#prepare-your-development-environment).
```
